[Docs] ES UI form library (#78654)
elastic/kibana: src/plugins/es_ui_shared/docs/docs/form_lib/helpers/validators.md

---
id: validators
title: Validators
sidebar_label: Validators
---

As you have seen in the `<UseField />` configuration, the validations are objects with [a required `validator` function](../core/use_field#validator-required) attached to them.

> After building many forms, we have realized that we are doing almost all the time the same validation on a field: is the field empty? does it contain a character not allowed?, does it start with an invalid character? is it valid JSON? ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After building many forms, we have realized that we are often doing the same validation on a field: is the field empty? does it contain a character not allowed?, does it start with an invalid character? is it valid JSON? ...
```
